the one thing I do want to remind
everybody about overpass digs in
particular he was the first person that
built that spur of the spectral rate and
I get his first taste of invade right
now is hold voter is going to be
sandwich loop but the red coat Alberta
Roberto gets it but it's a three-on-one
wah big power damage straightaway on to
have no problem therefore over pal quick
first would nip tuck from just the use
of that ignite vanda can he connect with
the dark binding no he cannot janka seem
to be forced to back away that minion
very unhappy with his that with his
damage right now flash all tea coming
out there is not gonna pull off though
instead they're all gonna back away he's
gonna try and go in yonkers could not
get the other side of other were there
quickly using that wild growth to keep
him away so one flesh think on it
without old are pointed this time didn't
love with a kicked in and Edwards gonna
get taken low one more shot should do it
Sullivan takes the kill very well played
Everage should not have gone in that
quickly I think it wasn't anticipating
the reengage from members of rocket and
from gambit now all of a sudden
Alberto's moving to the top lane they
wanted dives as us so no zero take it
very low though he can take this one out
that's gonna be a megaphone above coming
in he just dodged his ally me doesn't
quite get the shot the towers not landed
on him Hobart so quickly jump propelled
away and tank that one out very nicely
combined by Gavin and that is how you
punish a trundle in lane with a
challenge for this one another objective
for gambits his advantage what we have
seen from rockauto is a clear focus on
dealing with this Edward and fury lane
they finally grabbed themselves even I
as to play out these extra minutes pick
Awards were picked up by rock out
there's one being using I met trying to
clear this one out but rocket want to
fight it teleport coming in on towards
the death wish book Ward you can see
nuclear getting Cotts out satchel charge
nuke there's gonna get taken down now
they go in straight on towards it
dragons still yet to go down yeah cause
will secure that 100 happen to flash
away from this one and now it's gonna be
hulbert so focused on dark binding will
not catch ocean they didn't have a
numbers tightly knit and of course new
tech was ported nebanda is in trouble
well he's easy that's the question wall
growth does go down find a stun will
broke off in a moment it's gonna be a
fury that goes down and now head was in
trouble he's up against an ad carry this
time he's not playing his Kenan Oh
you sneaky little bugger flashes through
throws tell that guy who gets himself
the kill Amanda he really hasn't made an
impact you see no death marks you see no
fight he's even on farm which is great
and I sounds us in a little bit of
trouble says this is gonna get focused
on he's gonna have a spider and a dragon
on his backside has got subjugate
already used he's gonna try and run away
from this one but he's gonna get
thinking solo he's not gone down yet and
gets away would you believe it zaz
realizes that death marks not a big
threat for him he's challenging noob
duck he's going back in once again he's
got subjugate available pops it down is
it gonna be enough zazzle's taking very
low this could be new dog first kill the
night running it should be a new code
takes it down what advantage was gained
from raka I'm not sure because or a zero
is closing in and walk out in the mid
lane yes so Gambon are aware of it but
they know that sorrows not there and
overpasses running interference nooope
attack is going to have to go in very
quickly Barry's down to lessen Hawk all
birds got to run in when he's been
caught out by gar binding he's gonna go
down there's nothing you can do about it
that is the jungle are gone and this is
desperate desperate times for gambit
they could be losing out on this barren
I don't see anything they can do about
it rocket secure it and that's the power
of the Magana as long as that dark
mining does so they don't even need it
it's gonna take the inhibitory down on
the road they're gonna catch on towards
anyone he just gets destroyed where he
stands and that's an inhibitor picked up
by rocket rocket just brute force me
when a few reason all the trouble they
call Alberto Alberto is dead he's going
down yankis comes in big kick to the
face finishes that one off and Sullivan
well he's just a cracking crew right now
down the bottom line we do Caesars going
down but to one effect who cares Luke
Duke you've got to kill crate but the
rest of your team you're losing the base
there's the own record they're gonna
finish it off sorry 0 comes around
they're trying to buy some time on there
but they just walk away that was a very
good satchel charm powers away they've
only just got visual on Caesars now band
is gonna be good man is dead or is he
they're gonna go in for him they're
gonna throw everything at him but they
could turn his back around on towards
new cook he tries to go in Hobart so
goes aggressive yang cost isn't a whole
catchy just glancing off his backside
Eddie Keith eating some mines there but
really what do they get from it on
support yeah at this point in time
gambit need to do that as punch me they
need to get way more than skills and
look at that damn it from the bouncing
bomb
vers mega inferno Bob well cooling not
quite landing on towards fury there is
this going to be wishing he could but
instead the teleport comes in they're
gonna come around the side in his assets
declines in towards it they catch on to
his new dog is anything enough double
kill picked off my over pal Zora zero
tries to go aggressive trying to catch
on towards them and as it is witty we go
down he's gonna go to what Sullivan can
he get to kill the shield comes are the
barrier babe it does not get the kill
the region for the Baron buff which just
for about two minutes ago actually until
Elias just a la members of rocket the
rest of the team there on the Nexus
turret a new track is going to go down
shortly and rocket will take themselves
a another victory ladies and gentlemen
it's now five games on the trot as they
take down gambit in pajamas once again
and they really have separated
themselves wanted in team fights but
they decided they didn't need it they
seized the midlane multiple times they
forced you to respond to the split
pushing of zazzle's and you could did
well in dealing with disasters but they
didn't necessarily necessarily